[Docs] Add `server.xsrf.disableProtection` to settings docs (#76022)
elastic/kibana: docs/setup/settings.asciidoc

[cols="2*<"]
|===

> | `status.xsrf.disableProtection:`

Reviewer: How about adding an anchor on line 591 (above the table)  so the link in the other files can go directly to this setting.  So add this:

[[settings-xsrf]]

And then change your links to this:

<<settings-xsrf, `server.xsrf.disableProtection`>>

Author: Well you already approved this--
Looking at the rest of the settings file, it appeared that you could add an anchor tag within the table cell. So I added one for each of the XSRF settings :) great suggestion, thanks! TIL

>  | Setting this to `true` will completely disable XSRF protection in Kibana. This is not recommended. *Default: `false`*

Reviewer 2: What do you think about spelling it out for folks who might not be familiar, or who are googling for the term?

```suggestion
 | Setting this to `true` will completely disable Cross-site request forgery protection in Kibana. This is not recommended. *Default: `false`*
```

Author: Good idea.
